# Beginning C++ Game Programming Second Edition by John Horton

At the recommendation of  a very helpful staff member at Rare Ltd. I have decided to work my way through the Beginning C++ Game Programming book in order to develop my programming skills specific to game development, by creating a series of small games. 
This repository will contain the exercises from this book and will be updated as I complete them. I have chosen to make this repository in order to track my progress and have made it public as a reference for those curious individuals who may want to do the same. 
Note that I may stray from the formal 'solutions' presented by the original text in places while I experiment (I shall do my best to mark these), however should you want to view the 'clean' solutions as it were, they are available on the [official Packt repository](https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Beginning-Cpp-Game-Programming-Second-Edition)

Note that while I work on these projects, they will utilise dynamic SFML, so if you wish to compile the code locally, you will need to [download SFML](https://www.sfml-dev.org/download/sfml/2.6.1/). Once you have extracted the files from the .zip folder, copy and paste them into a new folder called 'SFML' located at the root of the project directory (in the same folder as the readme/gitignore files). You may also need to set up the linker and C++ compiler appropriately, as described in John Horton's book or any other good appropriate reference, if Visual Studio Community does not do this for you. Once I have completed the projects, I hope to update to static SFML so that this is not necessary, but I will update the readme when/if this happens. Also note that the version of SFML I link to is for Visual C++17, so if you are working in Visual Studio Community, make sure that your standard is set to this if you come across any errors (VS Community unfortunately defaults to C++14 and not the newer standards).
